feat(stepfunctions-tasks): support FLEX execution class for GlueStartJobRun (#30534)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-stepfunctions-tasks/README.md

});
```

> Also you can choose execution class by settint the `executionClass` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose the execution class by setting the `executionClass` property.
```
